A textfile with various notes to whoever else is interested 
in what's coming down the pike and possibly what they could do:

-All devices should have a setup routine that's automatically
called at start up. This is where each device should load its
parameters and set up its hardware - This is implemented in DEVICE,
MOTORCTRL, DMOC, THROTTLE, POT_THROTTLE now

-I think that handleTick should be of configurable timing. Perhaps
have the system tick be actually 1ms or 2ms; something fast. And then
each device configures a timeout of between 1 and 255 ticks (a single
byte) and once that # of system ticks has happened the device will get
its handleTick callback. This allows some devices to tick rapidly and some
to tick slowly. For instance, the DMOC needs to send frames around
every 20ms but the pedal could probably be called less frequently.

-EEPROM should start being used. ATmega2560 has 4k of EEPROM.
The Arduino Due has none but you can use flash space for that so 4k can be
kept aside there as well. If there are 6 devices allowed then they all could
have a block of 600 bytes of EEPROM set aside for them and that would
take up 3600 and leave 496 bytes of EEPROM for the system itself.

-The throttle code is still a bit of a mess. It should work more like the
spec document - It's partially there. Now it is clamped and only errors out
if things go too far away from spec.

-Much of the spec document pre-assumes there are certain inputs
and outputs. Such things as gear selection, drive enable, etc. A
standard needs to be constructed for hardware - what pins to use for
what. Along these lines, some form of hardward is needed for I/O. This is
true whether the Macchina or Due is used. Both have the same form factor
so ideally an Arduino compatible I/O shield is needed that works with both
5 and 3.3v

-Inputs:
Throttle Inputs:ADC0, ADC1
Brake Pressure Input: ADC2
Brake Light Switch: D2
Drive Enable: D3
Gear - Neutral/Park - D4
Gear - Drive - D5
Gear - Reverse - D6
Limp Mode - D7

-Outputs:
Precharge contactor: D8
Main Contactor: D9
Cooling Contactor: D10

